---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-04T03:44:29.769Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-04T03:44:10.385Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-04-d9599553-699d-44a0-822f-593c7184c89a.md
published: true
url: d9599553-699d-44a0-822f-593c7184c89a/index.html
_type: Article

---
My husband wanted to replace his titanium wedding band with an
Enso ring.He cited reasons like safety
and convenience. He showed me horrifying pictures of ring avulsions, and
recalled all his near misses. 

But I knew the truth, it was really all about comfort.This is the man who has a highly detailed and
exacting criteria for his socks (plush and formfitting but not restrictive, we
won't go into fiber content). He bought a kilt to get out of wearing suits (we
aren't Scottish). Refused to wear anything but sweats as a child, boycotting
jeans completely (to stiff). Comfort is, was, and always will be my husband's Holy
Grail. 

The problem is that so often the things that are comfortable
aren't exactly the most attractive. While my husband couldn't care less, I take
up the slack and care more. To avoid spousal homicide we employ that most
useful of marriage tools, the compromise.I want it to look good and he wants it to feel good. With those two criteria
held before us as sword and shield we cut a mighty swath through retailers
everywhere. Everything is tried on, twisted in, jumped in, once he did a
handstand in a department store changing room.If it meets the vigorous comfort tests, I decide if I'll be seen in
public with him if he wears it.Yeah for
compromise and marital harmony.

So, the ring. It went biking, played basketball, and lifted
weights at the gym, followed by some garage door repairs. The guys at
basketball liked it, his old ring was a notorious flesh eater.No longer would layups be perilous for
unwary. The husband liked it too. He loved how flexible the Enso ring was,
never pinching, or getting too tight when his hand swelled. His old ring took cold water and some
judicious use of dish soap to get off, and even then some skin had to be sacrificed.
The Enso ring was Husband approved. 

Then I gave it the once over. It looked good. Low profile and sleek with detailing for added
interest and a glossy finish. It vaguely reminded me of a sports car... sort
of.Regardless of its ability to go 0 to
60 in 2.4 seconds it checked all the boxes. The ring got Wife approved. The
Enso ring was like his favorite pair of pants, he liked them because they are
comfortable and he can go from the office to hiking, I liked them because they
look nice and make his butt look cute. 

The ring looked so nice in fact that I decided I might need
one. That one turned into five. What can I say? I'm fickle and really, why be
tied down to one color?The stackable
Enso rings sort of remind me of maxi skirts.They are stylish, adaptable and so dressy no one knows you are basically
walking around in your sweat pants. Turns out my husband isn't the only one who's
into comfort with style.